Rename the group name: topolvm.io (#539)
topolvm/topolvm: charts/topolvm/README.md

| securityContext.runAsUser | int | `10000` | Specify runAsUser. |
| snapshot.enabled | bool | `true` | Turn on the snapshot feature. |
| storageClasses | list | `[{"name":"topolvm-provisioner","storageClass":{"additionalParameters":{},"allowVolumeExpansion":true,"annotations":{},"fsType":"xfs","isDefaultClass":false,"reclaimPolicy":null,"volumeBindingMode":"WaitForFirstConsumer"}}]` | Whether to create storageclass(s) ref: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/storage-classes/ |

> | useLegacy | bool | `false` | If true, the legacy plugin name and legacy custome resource group is used(topolvm.cybozy.com). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| useLegacy | bool | `false` | If true, the legacy plugin name and legacy custom resource group is used(topolvm.cybozu.com). |
```

| securityContext.runAsUser | int | `10000` | Specify runAsUser. |
| snapshot.enabled | bool | `true` | Turn on the snapshot feature. |
| storageClasses | list | `[{"name":"topolvm-provisioner","storageClass":{"additionalParameters":{},"allowVolumeExpansion":true,"annotations":{},"fsType":"xfs","isDefaultClass":false,"reclaimPolicy":null,"volumeBindingMode":"WaitForFirstConsumer"}}]` | Whether to create storageclass(s) ref: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/storage-classes/ |

> | useLegacy | bool | `false` | If true, the legacy plugin name and legacy custome resource group is used(topolvm.cybozu.com). |

Reviewer 2: Sorry, this is an auto-generated file...
It will be fixed if you resolve the following typo.
https://github.com/topolvm/topolvm/pull/539#discussion_r979744693
